README.rst, before:

days |Travis|_
==============
.. |Travis| image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/rlucioni/days.svg?style=flat-square&maxAge=3600
.. _Travis: https://travis-ci.org/rlucioni/days

Django application for learning about notable historical events.

Local Development
-----------------

Clone the code::

    $ git clone git@github.com:rlucioni/days.git

Change into the cloned repository::

    $ cd days

Create and activate a virtual environment::

    $ python3 -m venv venv
    $ source venv/bin/activate

Install requirements::

    $ make requirements

Run migrations::

    $ make migrate

Create a superuser::

    $ python manage.py createsuperuser

Start the dev server at port 8000::

    $ make serve

Access the app in your browser at ``http://127.0.0.1:8000/``.

Heroku
------

If you haven't already, install the `Heroku Toolbelt <https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python#set-up>`_. Create an app on Heroku::

    $ heroku create

Export environment variables::

    $ heroku config:set DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=days.settings.heroku
    $ heroku config:set DAYS_SECRET_KEY=<secret>
    $ heroku config:set WEB_CONCURRENCY=2

Deploy the code::

    $ git push heroku master

Ensure that at least one instance of the app is running::

    $ heroku ps:scale web=1

Run migrations::

    $ heroku run make migrate

Create a superuser::

    $ heroku run python manage.py createsuperuser

Verify deployment by visiting the admin::

    $ heroku open /admin

Use the Heroku Scheduler to schedule event loading and emailing::

    $ heroku addons:create scheduler:standard
    $ heroku addons:open scheduler

Commit message:

Use SendGrid to send emails

README.rst, after:

days |Travis|_
==============
.. |Travis| image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/rlucioni/days.svg?style=flat-square&maxAge=3600
.. _Travis: https://travis-ci.org/rlucioni/days

Django application for learning about notable historical events.

Local Development
-----------------

Clone the code::

    $ git clone git@github.com:rlucioni/days.git

Change into the cloned repository::

    $ cd days

Create and activate a virtual environment::

    $ python3 -m venv venv
    $ source venv/bin/activate

Install requirements::

    $ make requirements

Run migrations::

    $ make migrate

Create a superuser::

    $ python manage.py createsuperuser

Start the dev server at port 8000::

    $ make serve

Access the app in your browser at ``http://127.0.0.1:8000/``.

Heroku
------

If you haven't already, install the `Heroku Toolbelt <https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python#set-up>`_. Create an app on Heroku::

    $ heroku create

Export environment variables::

    $ heroku config:set DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=days.settings.heroku
    $ heroku config:set DAYS_SECRET_KEY=<secret>
    $ heroku config:set WEB_CONCURRENCY=2

Deploy the code::

    $ git push heroku master

Ensure that at least one instance of the app is running::

    $ heroku ps:scale web=1

Run migrations::

    $ heroku run make migrate

Create a superuser::

    $ heroku run python manage.py createsuperuser

Verify deployment by visiting the admin::

    $ heroku open /admin

Use the Heroku `Scheduler add-on <https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/scheduler>`_ to schedule event loading and emailing::

    $ heroku addons:create scheduler:standard
    $ heroku addons:open scheduler

Provision Heroku's `SendGrid add-on <https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/sendgrid>`_::

    $ heroku addons:create sendgrid:starter
